`describeScenario` docs (#9706)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/docs/testing.md

During the run of any single test, there is only ever one scenario's worth of data present in the database: users.standard *or* users.incomplete.

### describeScenario

> The scenario feature described above should be the base starting point for setting up test that depend on the database.  The scenario sets up the database before each scenario test, runs the test, and then tears down (deletes) the database scenario.  However, there are some situations where you as the user may want additional control regarding when the database is setup and torn down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scenario feature described above should be the base starting point for setting up test that depend on the database.  The scenario sets up the database before each scenario _test_, runs the test, and then tears down (deletes) the database scenario.  This ensures that each of your tests are isolated, and that they do not affect each other.

However, there are some situations where you as the user may want additional control regarding when the database is setup and torn down. 
```

During the run of any single test, there is only ever one scenario's worth of data present in the database: users.standard *or* users.incomplete.

> ### describeScenario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### describeScenario - a performance optimisation
```

The scenario feature described above should be the base starting point for setting up test that depend on the database.  The scenario sets up the database before each scenario _test_, runs the test, and then tears down (deletes) the database scenario.  This ensures that each of your tests are isolated, and that they do not affect each other.

However, there are some situations where you as the user may want additional control regarding when the database is setup and torn down. 

> The `describeScenario` function is utilized to run a sequence of multiple tests within a single database setup and tear-down.  T

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `describeScenario` function is utilized to run a sequence of multiple tests within a single database setup and tear-down.
```

```
describeScenario<StandardScenario>('contacts', (getScenario) => {
  it('xxx', () => {
    //
    const scenario = getScenario()
    /...
  })

  it('xxx', () => {
    //
    const scenario = getScenario()
    /...
  })

})
```

> > **CAUTION**: With describeScenario, you no long have isolation between tests.  The results, or side-effects, of prior tests can affect later tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION**: With describeScenario, your tests are no longer isolated.  The results, or side-effects, of prior tests can affect later tests.
```

Rational for using `describeScenario` include:
<ul>

> <li>Create multi-step tests where the next test is dependent upon the results of the previous test (Note caution above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Create multi-step tests where the next test is dependent upon the results of the previous test (Note caution above).</li>
```

> <li>Reduce testing run time.  There is an overhead to setting up and tearing down the db on each test, and in some cases a reduced testing run time may be of significant benefit.  This may be of benefit where the likelihood of side-effects is low, such as in query testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Reduce testing run time.  There is an overhead to setting up and tearing down the db on each test, and in some cases a reduced testing run time may be of significant benefit.  This may be of benefit where the likelihood of side-effects is low, such as in query testing</l1>
```

</ul>

> ### describeScenario Examples

Reviewer: @cjreimer thanks for these docs! 

Should we change one of the examples to use a named scenario?
